CQA DOCPLAN-175 flatten toc (#110808)
openshift/openshift-docs: virt/getting_started/virt-getting-started.adoc

ifndef::openshift-rosa,openshift-dedicated,openshift-rosa-hcp[]
* xref:../../virt/vm_networking/virt-connecting-vm-to-sriov.adoc#virt-connecting-vm-to-sriov[Connect a VM to a Single Root I/O Virtualization (SR-IOV) network]
endif::openshift-rosa,openshift-dedicated,openshift-rosa-hcp[]
* xref:../../virt/managing_vms/virt-accessing-vm-consoles.adoc#virt-accessing-vm-consoles[Connect to a virtual machine console]
ifndef::openshift-dedicated[]
* xref:../../virt/managing_vms/virt-accessing-vm-ssh.adoc#virt-accessing-vm-ssh[Connect to a VM by using SSH]
endif::openshift-dedicated[]

> * xref:../../modules/virt-connecting-desktop-viewer-web.adoc#virt-connecting-desktop-viewer-web_virt-accessing-vm-consoles[Connect to the desktop viewer by using the web console]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* xref:../../virt/managing_vms/virt-accessing-vm-consoles.adoc#virt-connecting-desktop-viewer-web_virt-accessing-vm-consoles[Connect to the desktop viewer by using the web console]
```
